pim_base/README.rst, before:

========
PIM Base
========

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-akretion%2Fpim-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/akretion/pim/tree/12.0/pim_base
    :alt: akretion/pim

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

A basic module for Product Information Management.

The module itself doesn't do anything. It only creates a new application menu "PIM" gathering native views about Products :

- Products and Products Variants views
- Attributes
- Categories
- Units of measure

It also creates a new user group category with 3 access rights levels :

- PIM Reader
- PIM User
- PIM Mangeger

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/akretion/pim/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/akretion/pim/issues/new?body=module:%20pim_base%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `akretion/pim <https://github.com/akretion/pim/tree/12.0/pim_base>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[REF] move pim_custom_attribute in the PIM menu

pim_base/README.rst, after:

========
PIM Base
========

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-akretion%2Fpim-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/akretion/pim/tree/12.0/pim_base
    :alt: akretion/pim

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

A basic module for Product Information Management.

The module itself doesn't do anything. It only creates a new application menu "PIM" gathering native views about Products :

- Products and Products Variants views
- Attributes
- Categories
- Units of measure

It also creates a new user group category with 3 access rights levels :

- PIM Reader
- PIM User
- PIM Manager

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Define your user **PIM access rights** in the Application Accesses as a Manager, User or Reader and the application menu "PIM" will appear.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/akretion/pim/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/akretion/pim/issues/new?body=module:%20pim_base%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `akretion/pim <https://github.com/akretion/pim/tree/12.0/pim_base>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
